---
layout: page
title: Club Info
---

**Overview**

The MIT Anime Club is a non-profit MIT student organization dedicated to
increasing the awareness of Japanese animation *(anime)* on campus.

We hold free [showings](../showings/) for current MIT students, faculty,
and staff. Showings are usually held weekly on Friday nights in room
[3-133](http://whereis.mit.edu/map-jpg?mapterms=3-133&mapsearch=go%20).
Most of our material is subtitled in English, allowing the
non-Japanese-speaking viewer to enjoy this rich and varied cultural
form. We maintain a library of Blu-Rays, DVDs, tapes, CDs, and other
media for members.

The Club has an established relationship with [The Arts at
MIT](http://web.mit.edu/arts/) for those further interested in creative
and artistic connections between anime and the community.

**Mailing List**

There is a mailing list for all people interested in announcements about
club showings. Please send email to <anime-inquiry@mit.edu> if you would
like to be added. You can also [become a library
member](../library/rules).

**Mailing address**

Paper mail may be sent to the club at the following address:

MIT Anime Club  
W20-441  
77 Massachusetts Ave.  
Cambridge, MA 02139-4307

**Additional Information**

If you have any comments, questions, or suggestions, you can reach the
MIT Anime Club officers via e-mail at <anime-inquiry@mit.edu>, or
individually by the e-mail addresses listed [here](officers).

We also encouage concerned members to come to club business meetings.
Any member who would like to become more involved in the club, as well
as influence showing decisions, is welcome. Simply e-mail us to be added
to our business meeting mailing list, and we will send more information
about dates and times of these meetings .

**Banners**

To link to us, use any of the buttons below. Our web URL is
anime.mit.edu. Thanks!
![](/images/button80x15.png)
![](/images/button88x31.png)
![](/images/button120x60.png)
![](/images/button120x90.png)
![](/images/button120x90_2.png)
![](/images/button1.png)
![](/images/button2.png)
